Son-in-law.
I know that you are the son of God.
Let me cut ties with this bitch.
It's all because of you.
Haha, the chief princess is coming soon.
Then you can say a lot of nice words to him, ha, ha, that's right, son-in-law.
Our family has not abused you.
Even though it hindered you at first.
But then wouldn't you agree?
Don't blame me.
Oh, parents, don't worry.
He's very filial.
You will take good care of your parents.
Don t worry, I am the son of the princess.
But for Yen Nhi
That will not change for my family.
That's good.
Then I'll meet the first princess.
We will ask for a palace for our house.
At that time our Su at the court will take a step forward.
All right. All right.
Did the woman see it?
This is the kind of treatment you've been waiting for over 20 years not to get.
Do you think you've climbed up to Master Liu?
They can beat our house.
Against our Su family.
The dream.
Mom, you've made our house look bad.
Let's give her a lesson.
Of course.
Bad women.
Not here yet, get down on your knees.
I'm sorry for your objection today.
Get down and kneel for us.
Just get down on your knees and plead guilty.
Van Hieu, are you right?
What Nhi said is...
Just kneeling over her head is too cheap for her.
Like that.
You're through the bottom of my pants
Can you learn to bark on one side?
All right.
Haha.
The monster dared
Wait.
As long as you go through.
When the Princess arrived
I'll definitely beg her old man for you.
Spare your life.
Or else.